hey everybody I'm James rec with eat
more heat calm not excited about this at
all what I have here is a Trinidad
scorpion Barrackpore our good friend Jim
over at the finding fire chilies has
sent this bad boy over for me to do a
taste test now I've been told that it
tests at over a million Scoville which
is hotter than a ghost pepper but not
quite the hottest in the world and I
gotta try to explain to you how it
tastes and how bad it burns I'm not
looking forward to this this thing is a
monster all right here goes
right away mild flavor not overpowering
at all and a little bit of a delay to
the burn
how does that same kind of flavor you
get from other Chili's in this family
like the habanero the ghost pepper
Trinidad scorpion it's got that kind of
citrusy flavor this one got a little
more of a floral Flavel flavor which is
foosh bag for it tastes like flour and
now I'm gonna let the heat kick in oh I
let too much of it get on my lips my
lips are burning like hell oh my god
they're burning so bad right now hands
are shaking a little bit
whoo all right now I'm gonna try to man
up no milk no no water and I'm gonna
talk as long as I can the talking makes
it worse way worse whoo oh yeah hot
breath on a burning mouth sucks but I'll
continue to suffer because I want you
guys to enjoy this your pleasure my pain
hello Damon this is really freakin hot
and I didn't get to show you but he sent
me four Chili's and this one was by far
the biggest of the four oh my god
that's so damn high
eyes are watering bad now
oh this sucks
I feel a burp coming all but I'm trying
to fight it because I know she's gonna
make it hurt worse well there it was Oh
oh my gosh I was like burping lighter
fluid oh man
that one hurts and needless to say don't
try this at home
don't eat these chiles cut them up grind
them into a puree put them into a recipe
chop them up real fine and mix them into
a big giant you know pot of like gumbo
or chili or something but don't eat them
whole like that it's just dumb
it's John now it's down to kind of like
a hot sauce burn Wow oh that is the
Trinidad scorpion seven pot Barrackpore
not Brock has nothing to do with our
president barak poor to ours whoo-hoo
you can get yours at refining fire
Chili's calm or super hot Chili's calm
you can buy I don't know if you can get
the fresh ones but you can definitely
get the seeds and you can probably get
the plants grow them in your backyard I
can get yourself some super hot Chili's
I'm James wreck with eat more heat calm
I'm not even tear enough anymore that
sucker was hot yeah and get ready for
parts two and three because I'm doing a
couple more of these and it's not gonna
get any easier thanks for watching just
so you know poker face them okay now
always remember who to eat more heat I'm
out
oh man there was nothing nice whoo